Ev/ambassador (#175)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

- Object storage is now optional. There is a new option to set object storage type to `none`. If you disable object storage, then you must also disable any feature that uses object storage (mostly all backups).
- Two new InfluxDB users to used by prometheus for writing metrics to InfluxDB.
- Multicluster support for some dashboards in Grafana.

> - Support for ambassador as ingress controller in the workload cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for ambassador as ingress controller in the clusters.
```
